~ EXPERIMENTAL MOVEMENT REWORK ~

Inputs & Mechanics:
  W - Accelerate forward
  S - Brake / Pace backwards
  A - Strafe left
  D - Strafe right
  Space - Jump / Double jump? / Glide??
  Left Alt - 180
  Left Shift - Scale: x2
  Left Ctrl - Scale: x0.5

  Horizontal wall-running: Run alongside a wall with enough speed and jump, aiming slightly towards the wall, but mostly still in the direction of desired travel. Travel further than just jumping.
  Vertical wall-running: Run directly at a wall with enough speed and jump, stepping up the wall a few times and gaining some height.
  Grabbing ledges: Can shimmy left and right, pull self up, or jump backwards, gaining a little height. Can only look 270 degrees.
  Grabbing bars and poles: Poles on (90 degree only?) corners can be grabbed to swing round that corner really fast. Can grab horizontal bars to hang and swing and jump from.
  Slide down slants of 45 degrees or more. Go faster than top running speed.
  Height damage? Spoken with Dom. No height damage, but height stun. Maybe implement as a camera modifier, like head bob.

DONE - Basic player prefab
  DONE - Capsule collider body
  DONE - Camera
  DONE - Scale up check trigger collider
    DONE - Trigger controller
  DONE - Grounded check trigger collider
    DONE - Trigger controller
DONE - Mouse looking
  FIXED - BUG: X-axis rotation clamping at just -88 to 0
    CAUSE: transform.localEulerAngles is not the same as the local rotation shown in the inspector. Above 0 degrees, the X rotation goes to 360 degrees and down.
    FIX: If localEulerAngles.x > 180 then minus 360.
DONE - Basic movement
  DONE - Set up Input axes
  DONE - Movement intent: where the player is trying to move
    DONE - MovementIntent rework
  DONE - Move forward
  DONE - Brake
  DONE - Move backwards
  DONE - Strafe
  FIXED - BUG: player moves slightly when standing still, code to still player isn't working
    CAUSE: Selection of the direction of force to apply for no input was always -velocity, so kept the rigidbody oscillating.
    FIX: No input selects zero-vector instead of -velocity under minSpeed. Old line that (tried to) still the player no longer required.
  PROGRESS - Jump
    DONE - Basic force change
    DONE - Change jump direction based on speed
    DONE - Smooth jump
    FIXED - BUG: Pressing jump in mid-air makes you jump again when you hit the ground
      CAUSE: jumpIntent can be set to true even when not grounded.
      FIX: Add isGrounded check to where jumpIntent gets set.
    DONE - Hold jump for bigger arc
    DONE - Tweak jump to use static direction for jump
DONE - Rework camera to avoid jittering
DONE - In-air movement
DONE - Tweak friction
FIXED - BUG: Moving towards facing direction causes odd behaviours when looking up/down.
  CAUSE: Facing direction is taking y-component into account
  FIX: Flatten direction vectors (remove y-component)
DONE - Scaling integration
  DONE - Scale mass
  DONE - Scale velocity

Jump is inconsistent - rework with inputs of (max)Height and (max)Distance
  Tweak gravity - currently too "floaty" 
  Jumping doesn't work well with scaling
  Tweak strength of jump hang force / rework dynamic jump implementation
  Reworked jump: Holding down jump until landing while moving at max speed gives jump described by maxJumpHeight & maxJumpDistance.

Wall-running
  Horizontal
  Vertical
    180 mechanic
  Scale wall-run checks
Head bob
  Scale head bob
Look at jump pad code

Feedback
  Attach the player to the menus
  Test elevator
